OZ season 3:

A new law imposes budgetary restrictions on the medical cares in prison. A private society is now in charge of that, and prefers pushing inmates to commit suicide to treating them.
A new character, Clayton Hughes, is hired in the prison as an officer. Little by little, we notice that he is far from being up to the task. He goes to the point of becoming racist and his behaviour will lead to innocent people being killed.
A boxing tournament is organised in the prison, and ends up with the death of one of the Muslims. 


OZ season 4:

Clayton Hugues is fired, and decides to take revenge. He gives a gun to Adebisi, the leader of the Black gang.
Instead of using the gun directly, Adebisi implements a strategy.
He arranges for one of the White men to kill one of the Blacks.
This murder leads to a climate of violence and racism. Several people are killed, and the prison seems to be out of the control. For that reason, among others, Tim McManus is fired. As Adebisi predicted, he is replaced by a black man called Browne. 
Browne associates with Adebisi in order to stop the violence. They make a deal : all white men will be transfered to another unit, and no member of the Black gang will be denounced if he deals drug. In return for that, Browne imposes only one condition : no murder.
With this method, Browne hopes to have a good reputation. Outwardly Em City is better managed than before, as there is no murder anymore.
But in spite of the deal between Adebisi and Browne, new murders will be committed after a while. And finally McManus will get his job back.


OZ season 5 :

The season begins tragically. The relatives of several inmates die in a bus accident. Augustus' mother is one of the victims. Some minutes before dying, she was explaining to another passenger of the bus how proud she was of her son. She was in particular very pleased that he hadn't taken any drugs for years, in spite of the hard life in prison.
Augustus is very affected by her death, he feels lonely.
Unfortunately the only support he finds is drug. He starts taking drugs again in order to forget his situation.


OZ season 6 : 

